Yes I did it.
Why are you doing this?
My dad and I’s shares and Xiaomian’s shares were all being watched by Xiao Jianshan.
If we want to hide this from you, we have to transfer our shares to a
Not into the hands of those you doubt.
Yiyi is the most suitable candidate.
Now tell me, who is the largest shareholder of Jiang Group?
Who has the final say?
You would rather hand over the company to an outsider,
I don't want to give it to me.
You are not afraid that Zuzu Beibei, who has cut prices, will come to your village chief.
Even if you transfer all your shares to Shen Yiyi
But now she's a murderer
Why that murderer?
Are you qualified to compete with us?
Jiang’s group’s sovereignty
Even if Shen Yiyi
Has 35% shares
She is the murderer of her father
She's not qualified at all
Entered the Jiang Group
Now Jiang Yang has lost power
Jiang Mian is gone
Shen Yiyi will be the one to catch the ball now
The entire Jiang family belongs to me
I'm waiting for today
Been waiting for more than 20 years
More than two billion
Auntie has to wait.